README.md, before:


# Resources and Roadmaps for AI and Robotics 
![http://ivlabs.in/](ivlabs-black.png)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/blob/aditya/LICENSE.md) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IvLabs/resources?style=social)](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/stargazers)

Initiative by [IvLabs](http://www.ivlabs.in/) to share field-wise learning resources.
Here you will find all the courses and online materials which are being followed by IvLabs members. These resources have been carefully handpicked to provide the best knowledge. If you like the repo, please star. This motivates us to update the repo frequently.

---
<details>
<summary>Table of content</summary>

1. [List of Topics](#list-of-various-field)
2. [Guidelines for contributing](#guidelines-for-contributing)
3. [Miscellaneous Topics](#miscellaneous-topics)

</details>

## List of Various Fields
Please click on following link to see the more info about the specific topic

* [Computer Vision](computer-vision)
* [Control Theory](control-theory)
* [Deep Learning](deep-learning)
* [Internet of Things-IoT](iot)
* [Mathematics](mathematics)
* [Motion Planning](motion-planning)
* [Quantum Mechanics](quantum-mechanics)
* [Reinforcement Learning](reinforcement-learning)
* [State Estimation, Localization and SLAM](state-estimation-localization-slam)


## Miscellaneous Topics
To keep yourself updated with the field we highly recommend you listen to Podcasts, read subreddit (eg r/MachineLearning), follow Professors on Twitter, attend Flagship conferences etc. Alongside with doing courses you should also have a good grip with Linux OS and be proficient in programming. Click on following links to see the compilation done by IvLabs members.

* [Conferences](conferences)
* [Software Skill building](software) 
* [Talks, Podcasts and Seminars](talks)

NOTE: *Some of the topics are not yet completed. The repo will be updated soon.*

## Guidelines for contributing
1. You are encouraged to add links to the following: 
   * Online courses
   * Books
   * Tutorials/Code Implementations
   * Important Research Papers
   * Other useful things
2. All of these should be segregated by sub-topic.
3. Refer to existing sections before contributing a new one.
4. Follow the Fork-Commit-Pull Request cycle for contributing, more on this [here](https://github.com/IvLabs/pc_guidelines/tree/master/opensource_git_contrib)
5. If you create a new topic folder make sure to **link that folder in landing page `README.md`**
6. The **name of folder should be consistent with exact format of `word1-word2`**. Some NOT allowed forms are `word1 word2`, `word1word2`, `Word1-word2`, etc. This maintains consistency and proper ordering of folder.
7. The topic names in [List of Topics](#list-of-various-fields) should be in increasing alphabetical order.

Commit message:

updated Guidelines for contributing
All pull requests should be made for `devel` branch only.

README.md, after:


# Resources and Roadmaps for AI and Robotics 
![http://ivlabs.in/](ivlabs-black.png)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/blob/aditya/LICENSE.md) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IvLabs/resources?style=social)](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/stargazers)

Initiative by [IvLabs](http://www.ivlabs.in/) to share field-wise learning resources.
Here you will find all the courses and online materials which are being followed by IvLabs members. These resources have been carefully handpicked to provide the best knowledge. If you like the repo, please star. This motivates us to update the repo frequently.

---
<details>
<summary>Table of content</summary>

1. [List of Topics](#list-of-various-field)
2. [Guidelines for contributing](#guidelines-for-contributing)
3. [Miscellaneous Topics](#miscellaneous-topics)

</details>

## List of Various Fields
Please click on following link to see the more info about the specific topic

* [Computer Vision](computer-vision)
* [Control Theory](control-theory)
* [Deep Learning](deep-learning)
* [Internet of Things-IoT](iot)
* [Mathematics](mathematics)
* [Motion Planning](motion-planning)
* [Quantum Mechanics](quantum-mechanics)
* [Reinforcement Learning](reinforcement-learning)
* [State Estimation, Localization and SLAM](state-estimation-localization-slam)


## Miscellaneous Topics
To keep yourself updated with the field we highly recommend you listen to Podcasts, read subreddit (eg r/MachineLearning), follow Professors on Twitter, attend Flagship conferences etc. Alongside with doing courses you should also have a good grip with Linux OS and be proficient in programming. Click on following links to see the compilation done by IvLabs members.

* [Conferences](conferences)
* [Software Skill building](software) 
* [Talks, Podcasts and Seminars](talks)

NOTE: *Some of the topics are not yet completed. The repo will be updated soon.*

## Guidelines for contributing
1. You are encouraged to add links to the following: 
   * Online courses
   * Books
   * Tutorials/Code Implementations
   * Important Research Papers
   * Other useful things
2. All of these should be segregated by sub-topic.
3. Refer to existing sections before contributing a new one.
4. Follow the Fork-Commit-Pull Request cycle for contributing, more on this [here](https://github.com/IvLabs/pc_guidelines/tree/master/opensource_git_contrib). All pull requests should be made for `devel` branch only.
5. If you create a new topic folder make sure to **link that folder in landing page `README.md`**
6. The **name of folder should be consistent with exact format of `word1-word2`**. Some NOT allowed forms are `word1 word2`, `word1word2`, `Word1-word2`, etc. This maintains consistency and proper ordering of folder.
7. The topic names in [List of Topics](#list-of-various-fields) should be in increasing alphabetical order.
