mathematics/README.md, before:

# Mathematics

## Probablity

### Courses

1. [Prof. Krishna Jagannathan's NPTEL course](https://nptel.ac.in/courses/108106083/)  
2. [Prof. John Tsitsiklis' MIT OCW Probablistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2010/index.htm)

### Books

1. [Grimmett and Stirzaker](http://home.ustc.edu.cn/~zt001062/PTmaterials/Grimmett&Stirzaker--Probability%20and%20Random%20Processes%20%20Third%20Ed(2001).pdf)
2. [John Tsitsiklis's selected study material from his book](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-6-012-introduction-to-probability-spring-2018/part-i-the-fundamentals/MITRES_6_012S18_Textbook.pdf)

## Linear Algebra

### Courses
1. [Gilbert Strang's Lecture Series](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)    
2. [Fastai's Numerical Linear Algebra Course](https://github.com/fastai/numerical-linear-algebra/blob/master/README.md)      
3. [3blue1brown's Visual Essence of Linear Algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)     

### Books
1. [Gilbert Strang's Introduction to Linear Algebra](https://math.mit.edu/~gs/linearalgebra/)    


## Multi-variable Calculus

### Courses
1. [Khan Academy's Multi-variable Calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrcCbdWwCBc&list=PLSQl0a2vh4HC5feHa6Rc5c0wbRTx56nF7)
2. [Multi-variable Calculus by Prof. Denis Aurox](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02-multivariable-calculus-fall-2007/)


## Robotics
1. [Math Fundamentals for Robotics by Michael Erdmann](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~me/811/)

## Machine Learning
1. [Maths For Machine Learning](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf)

Commit message:

+ Added Reference to Robotics Math Course

mathematics/README.md, after:

# Mathematics

## Probablity

### Courses

1. [Prof. Krishna Jagannathan's NPTEL course](https://nptel.ac.in/courses/108106083/)  
2. [Prof. John Tsitsiklis' MIT OCW Probablistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2010/index.htm)

### Books

1. [Grimmett and Stirzaker](http://home.ustc.edu.cn/~zt001062/PTmaterials/Grimmett&Stirzaker--Probability%20and%20Random%20Processes%20%20Third%20Ed(2001).pdf)
2. [John Tsitsiklis's selected study material from his book](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-6-012-introduction-to-probability-spring-2018/part-i-the-fundamentals/MITRES_6_012S18_Textbook.pdf)

## Linear Algebra

### Courses
1. [Gilbert Strang's Lecture Series](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)    
2. [Fastai's Numerical Linear Algebra Course](https://github.com/fastai/numerical-linear-algebra/blob/master/README.md)      
3. [3blue1brown's Visual Essence of Linear Algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)     

### Books
1. [Gilbert Strang's Introduction to Linear Algebra](https://math.mit.edu/~gs/linearalgebra/)    


## Multi-variable Calculus

### Courses
1. [Khan Academy's Multi-variable Calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrcCbdWwCBc&list=PLSQl0a2vh4HC5feHa6Rc5c0wbRTx56nF7)
2. [Multi-variable Calculus by Prof. Denis Aurox](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02-multivariable-calculus-fall-2007/)


## Robotics

### Courses
1. [Math Fundamentals for Robotics by Michael Erdmann](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~me/811/)
2. [Modern Robotics by Northwestern University](http://hades.mech.northwestern.edu/index.php/Modern_Robotics) also available on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9usycd3tnCk&list=PLggLP4f-rq02vX0OQQ5vrCxbJrzamYDfx&index=2)

## Machine Learning
1. [Maths For Machine Learning](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf)
