reinforcement-learning/README.md, before:

# Reinforcement Learning

## Courses

In these courses, you will learn the foundations of Reinforcement Learning.

### General Courses on Reinforcement Learning

1. [Reinforcement Learning by David Silver - UCL](https://www.davidsilver.uk/teaching/)
2. [Reinforcement Learning - Stanford CS234](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs234/index.html)
3. [Reinforcement Learning - IIT-M CS230](https://youtu.be/TIlDzLZPyhY)
4. [Excursions in Reinforcement Learning - Mila](http://pierrelucbacon.com/teaching/)

### Deep Reinforcement Learning

1. [Deep RL Bootcamp](https://sites.google.com/view/deep-rl-bootcamp/lectures)
2. [Deep Reinforcement Learning - UC Berkeley CS 285](http://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)
3. [Spinning up Deep RL - OpenAI](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/)

### Imitation Learning
1. [Imitation Learning for Robotics](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~florian/courses/imitation_learning/)

### Specialised Courses

1. [Deep Multi-Task and Meta Learning](https://cs330.stanford.edu/)
2. [Trust Policy Optimisation series](http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/TRPO)




## Books

1. [Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction, Sutton and Barto, 2nd Edition](http://incompleteideas.net/book/the-book-2nd.html)
2. [Markov Decision Processes: Discrete Stochastic Dynamic Programming by Martin Puterman](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/book/10.1002/9780470316887)
3. [Reinforcement Learning and Optimal Control by Dimitri Bertsekas](https://web.mit.edu/dimitrib/www/RLbook.html)
4. [Grokking Deep Reinforcement Learining](https://www.manning.com/books/grokking-deep-reinforcement-learning)



## Clean Implementations

1. [RL-Adventure](https://github.com/higgsfield/RL-Adventure) and [RL-Adventure2](https://github.com/higgsfield/RL-Adventure) by [higgsfield](https://higgsfield.github.io/)
2. [RLlib: Scalable Reinforcement Learning](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/rllib.html#rllib-scalable-reinforcement-learning)


## Blog Posts/Tutorials

1. [RL— Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://medium.com/@jonathan_hui/rl-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-35c25e04c199)
2. [Deep Reinforcement Series by Jonathan Hui](https://medium.com/@jonathan_hui/rl-deep-reinforcement-learning-series-833319a95530)
3. [All the fantastic blogs by Lilian Weng](https://lilianweng.github.io/lil-log/)
4. [Debugging RL, Without the Agonizing Pain by Andy Jones](https://andyljones.com/posts/rl-debugging.html)

## Research Papers

### State of the art algorithms

1. [Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1713-policy-gradient-methods-for-reinforcement-learning-with-function-approximation.pdf)
2. [Actor-Critic Algorithms](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1786-actor-critic-algorithms.pdf)
3. [Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf)
4. [Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.02971)
5. [Asynchronous Methods for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01783)
6. [Trust Region Policy Optimization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1502.05477)
7. [Proximal Policy Optimization Algorithms](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1707.06347)

Commit message:

docs: rl book - reinforcement learning
Shameless suggestion to add my book and associated links. :-)

reinforcement-learning/README.md, after:

# Reinforcement Learning

## Courses

In these courses, you will learn the foundations of Reinforcement Learning.

### General Courses on Reinforcement Learning

1. [Reinforcement Learning by David Silver - UCL](https://www.davidsilver.uk/teaching/)
2. [Reinforcement Learning - Stanford CS234](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs234/index.html)
3. [Reinforcement Learning - IIT-M CS230](https://youtu.be/TIlDzLZPyhY)
4. [Excursions in Reinforcement Learning - Mila](http://pierrelucbacon.com/teaching/)
5. [Supplamentary Materials from Reinforcement Learning Book](https://rl-book.com/supplementary_materials/)

### Deep Reinforcement Learning

1. [Deep RL Bootcamp](https://sites.google.com/view/deep-rl-bootcamp/lectures)
2. [Deep Reinforcement Learning - UC Berkeley CS 285](http://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)
3. [Spinning up Deep RL - OpenAI](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/)

### Imitation Learning
1. [Imitation Learning for Robotics](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~florian/courses/imitation_learning/)

### Specialised Courses

1. [Deep Multi-Task and Meta Learning](https://cs330.stanford.edu/)
2. [Trust Policy Optimisation series](http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/TRPO)

## Books

1. [Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction, Sutton and Barto, 2nd Edition](http://incompleteideas.net/book/the-book-2nd.html)
2. [Markov Decision Processes: Discrete Stochastic Dynamic Programming by Martin Puterman](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/book/10.1002/9780470316887)
3. [Reinforcement Learning and Optimal Control by Dimitri Bertsekas](https://web.mit.edu/dimitrib/www/RLbook.html)
4. [Grokking Deep Reinforcement Learining](https://www.manning.com/books/grokking-deep-reinforcement-learning)
5. [Reinforcement Learning: Industrial Applications of Intelligent Agents](https://rl-book.com)

## Clean Implementations

1. [RL-Adventure](https://github.com/higgsfield/RL-Adventure) and [RL-Adventure2](https://github.com/higgsfield/RL-Adventure) by [higgsfield](https://higgsfield.github.io/)
2. [RLlib: Scalable Reinforcement Learning](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/rllib.html#rllib-scalable-reinforcement-learning)

## Blog Posts/Tutorials

1. [RL— Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://medium.com/@jonathan_hui/rl-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-35c25e04c199)
2. [Deep Reinforcement Series by Jonathan Hui](https://medium.com/@jonathan_hui/rl-deep-reinforcement-learning-series-833319a95530)
3. [All the fantastic blogs by Lilian Weng](https://lilianweng.github.io/lil-log/)
4. [Debugging RL, Without the Agonizing Pain by Andy Jones](https://andyljones.com/posts/rl-debugging.html)
5. [Variety of Introductory Blog Posts on RL](https://rl-book.com/learn/)

## Research Papers

### State of the art algorithms

1. [Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1713-policy-gradient-methods-for-reinforcement-learning-with-function-approximation.pdf)
2. [Actor-Critic Algorithms](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1786-actor-critic-algorithms.pdf)
3. [Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf)
4. [Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.02971)
5. [Asynchronous Methods for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01783)
6. [Trust Region Policy Optimization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1502.05477)
7. [Proximal Policy Optimization Algorithms](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1707.06347)
